c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll.config
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModelo.Domain.dll
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModelo.Domain.pdb
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll
c:\users\marcus.bahia\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll.config
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModelo.Domain.dll
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModelo.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll
C:\Users\WarleY\Desktop\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll.config
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModelo.Domain.dll
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\ProjetoModelo.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.dll
C:\Users\marcus.bahia\Desktop\ProjetoModelDDD vII\ProjetoModeloDDD\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data\obj\Debug\ProjetoModeloDDD.Infra.Data.pdb
